1. So what I'm trying to say is, I'm sort of lefty and liberal, and I work in the arts for no money, but I love a bit of rough
2. I'm woke, broke, and I want to be choked
3. That's the kind of party line that I go for
4. Hello
5. Comedy Central, how you doing
6. Are we good
7. So nice to be here
8. Let me get the age demographic of the crowd in tonight
9. Give me a cheer if you're under 30
10. Oh, my God
11. Over 30
12. More of us, but we sound more downtrodden
13. Okay, good
14. Obviously, being in my mid-30s, every moment that I'm not on stage working or in bed asleep, legally, I do have to be attending one of my friends' weddings
15. That's how it works at this phase of life
16. Okay, and the thing is, I'm not slagging it off, okay
17. I love weddings
18. Once I'm there
19. okay but yeah okay there seems to be an increasing trend that people make their weddings increasingly difficult to get to okay i feel like all of my friends that get engaged this is how they pick how and where they're gonna get married they're sat in their kitchen on a sunday morning and they just pin up a map of the uk behind them on the wall oh it's sometimes the world okay right and they just pick up a dart and they blindly throw it in and they turn around and they go, Slough, amazing
20. Incredible, what's that
21. Are either of us from, have any personal connection to or ever been to Slough
22. No, absolutely not
23. No, that's just where the dart landed, so that's where we're gonna do it, that's incredible
24. And then they take a closer look at the map and they go, ooh, the thing is, there does actually seem to be some direct transport links to Slough
25. And ideally, we were hoping for our wedding that there'd be none
26. So we'll have to change that
27. 10 miles outside Slough
28. Let's do that
29. Yes, 10 miles outside Slough
30. In a barn, obviously, OK
31. White people love to get married in a barn, don't we
32. Don't know when that memo went out
33. I must have missed it, OK
34. And then the happy couple will ring up the barn and they'll say, hey, hi, we saw your incredibly lovely rural venue online and we're considering it for our wedding
35. We love the fact that it's only accessible via a track
36. There's no actual road
37. And we just thought a really nice touch was the fact that there's three other barns within a two mile radius with the same exact name, address and postcode
38. just make it extra confusing which we loved um uh we were just wondering just one question to kind of seal the deal um how many bars of phone signal do you guys get there at the venue three such a shame we were really hoping for our wedding there'd be zero coverage okay for anybody trying to get there i'll give you an example my last friends that got engaged they live so close to me i can see their garden from my bedroom window in east london so when they got engaged i was like incredible this will be a town hall job i won't even have to book a hotel amazing where did they get married brom yard exactly right if you don't know where brom yard is don't worry neither did google maps okay managed to evade modern technology me and my friend that were invited okay no matter where we put in as the starting point it just said four and a half hours like bus train taxi boat walking anything it was like the uk's bermuda triangle right even though i've now been there and attended the wedding The closest I can describe it to you is sort of near Wales
39. That's all I've got for you, right
40. And I've been there
41. Right, so we eventually get there
42. By the way, we were evening invite only
43. I know, right
44. If you're going to get married on the moon, right, the least you can do is throw in a free cocoa van or something
45. Do you know what I mean
46. Like, everybody should get the dinner
47. That's what I'm trying to say
48. So we eventually get there, and we knew both people in the couple
49. And we'd gone on the hen do, me and my friend
50. Now, the hen do was mostly quite a lovely, chic, sophisticated affair, OK
51. We hired a cottage in the Cotswolds
52. We drove there on the Friday
53. We got drunk on Prosecco and got in the hot tub
54. Of course we did
55. We're basic white women, OK
56. On the Saturday, we had a massage, then a private chef came in the evening
57. Yeah, exactly, right
58. Cooked us a lovely dinner
59. We got drunk
60. We got all nostalgic
61. We reminisced
62. It was great
63. We had an amazing time
64. On the Sunday, we went for a roast in the local country pub and drove back to London
65. Oh, dreamy, right
66. I mean, I vomited in the car on the way home and my friend Caitlin shagged the chef, but, like, mostly
67. a nice, sophisticated time
68. I'm not going to get married anytime soon
69. I've got an issue
70. I constantly go for the wrong men
71. And I think it's an issue to do with class
72. All right, in that I don't have any
73. No, what I mean is I come from quite a working class background, right
74. All my family, I was the first person in my family to leave my hometown and go to university and waste £30,000 and do nothing, okay
75. Came back and moved to London and now, ostensibly, I live quite a middle class life, okay
76. Like I live in East London, I work in the arts, I've got a nose ring, I'm a twat, essentially
77. That's what I'm trying to say, okay
78. But I've got a middle-class brain now
79. My brain wants to date, like, the straight Stephen Fry
80. What I mean by that is I want to be challenged intellectually
81. I want to read every book, see every film, go to the theatre, absorb every amount of culture I can, travel the world, experience things I never thought I'd get the chance to experience growing up where I did, right
82. So I've got a middle-class brain, but I've still got a working-class vagina, OK
83. LAUGHTER My brain wants to date the straight Stephen Fry, but my vagina wants to **** a roofer called Gary, right
84. Who thinks that Just Stop Oil are an indie band from 2009
85. Do you know what I mean
86. Zero political awareness
87. They're not matching up and she's making the calls
88. That's where I'm going wrong, okay
89. So what I'm trying to say is I'm sort of lefty and liberal, and I work in the arts for no money, but I love a bit of rough
90. I'm woke, broke, and I want to be choked
91. That's the kind of party line that we're going for
92. Thank you so much
93. Guys, you've been absolutely brilliant
94. I've been Alexandra Haddo
95. Cheers
96. Thank you
