1. Nobody tells the truth about food anymore
2. Watch this
3. Who eats at McDonald's
4. Hands in the air
5. OK
6. 17 people
7. What we've done then, ladies and gentlemen, we've separated the audience in two groups
8. Everyone with their hand in the air eats at McDonald's
9. Everyone with their hand down is a fucking liar
10. Nobody likes to admit to eating at McDonald's anymore
11. I can walk into McDonald's right now with this microphone and be like, does anyone in this restaurant eat at McDonald's
12. Every dickhead in there, no, I was looking for Whole Foods, man
13. I get confused with M's and W's
14. I don't know what's going on
15. Right, no one even admits to selling you McDonald's
16. Watch a McDonald's advert
17. They're like, we sell salads now
18. It's like, no, you don't
19. No, you don't
20. You've put salads on the menu
21. You haven't sold one of those fucking things
22. Right, the McDonald's chicken salad is the only item on the menu that looks exactly like the picture if you order it
23. You know why
24. They only made one
25. They haven't fucking sold it yet
26. Still
27. Do you know what I miss, man, when fast food companies used to talk about the food
28. I walked past a McDonald's post that had a picture of a Big Mac and it said something like, now with 100% beef
29. I'm just like, what the fuck do you mean now
30. I've been eating them things for years
31. How much toad was in the previous recipe
32. There's no honesty, I'll prove it to you, right
33. What's the McDonald's advertising strapline
34. something that nobody ever says right a good advertising strapline is something you say in your head right like Nike just do it I have said that and I've been for a run okay have a break have a Kit Kat I have said that and I have had a Kit Kat I have never seen anyone above the age of nine say the words I'm loving it on the way into a McDonald's right they have definitely never said it on the way out if you come out of a McDonald's going I'm absolutely loving it it's like mate you did it wrong Go back in there till you fucking hate yourself
35. Go back in there
