1. I became an ordained minister last year because I had two friends that got married, and they asked me to officiate the wedding
2. To legally officiate, I had to become an ordained minister
3. So I went online, paid $19, instantly ordained
4. For $19, you get the certificate, and for an extra $9, you can get a clergy parking pass
5. And I live in New York
6. I don't even own a car, but I know what a nightmare parking in the city can be
7. So I sprung for it, and I've been loaning it out to my friends with cars for a few dollars a day
8. And now I understand how easily corrupted religious leaders can become
9. It was like, I've only been ordained minister for a year, and I'm already running a very lucrative underground parking scheme
10. For the Lord
11. I liked officiating the wedding, though
12. It was good to be around a wedding, because I actually got married myself three months ago
13. I'm three months in, and I very much like being married, but I'm still not used to wearing the wedding ring at all
14. Like, it doesn't feel natural on my finger
15. But I do like wearing a wedding ring, because it lets me know when I've had too much sodium
16. You know, like, I don't need an app or a Fitbit or a calorie counter
17. It's like, oh, my left ring finger's about to fall off
18. Yeah, maybe I'll have a salad for lunch
19. Yeah, I don't fight with my wife a lot, but we did get into a vicious fight a few weeks ago, because one night I was trying to sleep, and she ate an apple in bed
20. What kind of psychopath eats an apple in a silent room
21. Think about that
22. Hear it in your mind's eye
23. Fast asleep, woke up to what I thought was an earthquake
24. It was a fucking Granny Smith
25. I was like, what the hell is wrong with you
26. Take that shit to the den or eat a banana
27. You know how many silent fruits there are
28. You're gonna eat the loudest one next to a sleeping body
29. Can't plan a future with a sociopath like that
30. And it bothered me because I have a neural disorder called misophonia
31. If you don't know, misophonia is where you get, like, an irrational visceral rage towards one sound in particular
32. And for me, that is the sound of people eating
33. It drives me crazy
34. I hate the sound of chips being chewed
35. I hate the sound of soup being slurped
36. So it goes without saying that I really hate the sound of someone eating cereal, which is just something crunchy being chewed while liquid is being slurped
37. Like, I feel about hearing someone eat cereal the way Mike Pence feels about gay refugees
38. You know, it's like a combination of my two least favorite things
39. I don't agree with his politics
40. It was just a spot-on analogy
41. Fucking relax, Brooklyn
42. I don't know
43. My friends have told me, though, that I should use exposure therapy to get over misophonia
44. They think that if I'm exposed to the sounds that I don't like, I'll stop being annoyed by them
45. But I know exposure therapy doesn't work for me because I've been exposed to things that I don't like in the past, and it backfired horribly
46. Like, I'm not joking, and I don't know why, but I'm serious when I tell you that my biggest fear on Earth is conjoined twins
47. The connected people, they scared the shit out of me
48. About 10 years ago, I was in line at a fast food restaurant, thought I saw conjoined twins walking in, passed out cold on the spot
49. Turns out it was just two young girls sharing a coat, but I saw two heads in one coat and passed out
50. When I woke up and saw they were two separate human beings, I finally calmed down until I heard how loud they were eating their food
51. I've talked about this on certain shows though and after some shows I've occasionally had people actually come up and point out to me that in certain Asian cultures you're encouraged to chew with your mouth open because it's seen as a sign of respect to the chef letting them know that you appreciate the flavor of the food so you eat loudly to let them know that and I want to be culturally sensitive so that's why to avoid losing my temper in public whenever I see someone chewing with their mouth open I just pretend they're Asian
52. no matter what
53. See a white dude chewing his mouth wide open
54. I'm just like, that albino Korean respects this chef
55. I can feel you guys tightening up on me
56. And it's okay
57. It doesn't bother me
58. I'm used to this, because any time you do racial material in America, people get sensitive, because racial tensions are high in America
59. And I do think a lot of the reason there is so much racial tension in America is because most Americans don't interact with people different than themselves
60. Like, not everyone lives in a diverse city
61. Most Americans live in really small, homogenous populations
62. And you can tell they don't have to interact with people different than themselves
63. And I do think that contributes to a lot of the racial tension that we see
64. And I mean this from the bottom of my heart when I say I think you should never hate someone based on their race
65. That's truly what I think
66. I think you should never hate someone based on their race
67. However, I do think you should hate at least one person from every race
68. Because if you don't hate at least one person from a particular race, you obviously just don't know enough people from that race
69. Like, every group of people has some bad apples
70. If you can't think of at least one that you don't like, that just speaks to a lack of exposure
71. Which means that your overly loving opinion is still coming from a place of ignorance
72. So in a very weird way, if you don't hate at least one person from every race, you're kind of racist
73. That joke didn't do well, and I will refuse to have them remove it from my set because I'm not, I don't give a fuck
74. I'm not wrong
75. This just 90% white crowd in Brooklyn was not prepared for the mirror that I just held up to you motherfuckers
76. Don't clap now
77. You had your opportunity to like the joke
78. Fuck off
79. We are not on the same team anymore, but I don't care
80. I'll finish this goddamn set
81. Race issues, class issues as well
82. May as well go in now
83. No, I feel like over the last few years in America, we've also decided across the board that we hate rich kids, which feels weird to me
84. Like if they're assholes about it, yeah
85. If they're the type of rich kid that'll like challenge you to a ski race for the rights of their father's mountain, then that's a hateable rich kid for sure
86. But if they're otherwise really nice, hardworking individuals who just happen to have wealthy parents, then what did they do wrong
87. You know
88. We hate rich kids, but we don't hate lottery winners
89. And in both cases, it just comes down to being lucky
90. It's like, why is it okay to be lucky in a 7-Eleven and not in your father's ball sack
91. No, but there are a lot of class issues
92. They are legitimate, and I am sensitive to them
93. A lot of jobs don't get paid what they deserve, and that's problematic
94. The number one job that people cite is teachers
95. Obviously, teachers deserve way more
96. The problem is when people are arguing on behalf of teachers getting paid more, they always use the wrong example
97. The most common cliche we hear is, it's a shame how much athletes make versus how much teachers make
98. We've all heard that, right
99. I used to be a teacher
100. I'll be the first person to tell you teachers deserve way more money, no doubt about it, but it has nothing to do with how much athletes get paid
101. Those are two completely separate arguments
102. The fact is, for the most part, in America, people get paid according to the scarcity of their skill set
103. And there simply are way more people mentally capable of teaching children how to read than there are people physically capable of dunking a basketball
104. So if we want to narrow the wage gap, we don't need to raise teachers' pay, we need to lower the rims
105. Just saying, make the hoop eight feet tall
106. LeBron's making 60 grand next year
